what's going on guys I'm mr. nasty HD
bringing you guys another minecraft sida
video not for the seed video I'm
basically gonna be showing you guys this
I you know I would say you could use it
as a survival map and or a building map
basically because of the fact that this
map has so many nature like features as
in like new landscapes of it have so
many different like options that you can
do I'm try not to say like again I sound
like a woman anyways guys hopefully do
enjoy this minecraft video and then
while we're getting into it be sure to
smack that like button for more
minecraft videos I know we don't say
smack that like button cuz that's lame
but we do have a mushroom biome in the
map I mean that's pretty cool in my
opinion but there's no cows on it so
that was a disappointing to me anyways
guys as you can see just from a little
overview of this little portion of the
map upside this is about maybe like one
quadrant of it very nice landscapes and
mountains that you guys can mess around
with anyway starting off with the temple
number one if you didn't get the
coordinates I put it on the bottom left
corner of the screen because I did
forget to add while I was recording the
cinematic those guys inside the chest
there's really nothing that special
other than there's a bunch of gold block
so if you guys like gold blocks or
butter whatever you want to call it that
is the temple for you now I'll temple
number two which is the last temple in
this map actually contains a lot of
diamonds which I do recommend you guys
come over here and check it out again I
do not put the coordinates well this is
next to the village I'll be showing next
and now basically i recommend heading
over to hear the coordinates will be at
the end of the video along with seed as
you can see right now the seed is on the
screen i did not put it in the beginning
so I way people watch throughout the
entire video and I could see how many
people actually you know actually watch
it anyways guys um basically I put the
seed together somebody actually send it
to me a subscriber mine shout out to him
I do not remember your name but you did
add me on skype so shout-out to you if
you comment you know I'll put an
annotation to your channel if you want
me to basically if you guys have any
other seeds you want to show me be sure
to link me on skype or in the YouTube
messages or comments anyways this is the
last part of the video actually did not
yeah i just showed the village nevermind
the village had the the i want the
blacksmith shop I wow I've completely
brain part of their I've been sick the
past like week I do apologize if I do
sound different
these are the coordinates of most of the
stuff but you guys can understand what
all that reads in this guy sings washing
my minecraft video is probably not the
best what I get I definitely do try so
please show some support for that
anyways guys I miss your nasty hopefully
you guys have a wonderful day and I'm
out